OADP - 3343 Update Using the must-gather tool (#70665)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/migration-combining-must-gather.adoc

Author: @PrasadJoshi12 

In line 12 what should be the updated command for RHEL 9?

Reviewer: oc adm must-gather --image=registry.redhat.io/oadp/oadp-mustgather-rhel9:v1.3 -- skip_tls=true /usr/bin/gather_with_timeout <timeout_value_in_seconds>

Author: Thank you!

[source,terminal]
----

> oc adm must-gather --image=registry.redhat.io/oadp/oadp-mustgather-rhel9:v1.3 -- skip_tls=true /usr/bin/gather_with_timeout <timeout_value_in_seconds>

Reviewer 2: I've falling into a few traps with stating exact versions in a code snippet instead of using a user-replaced value. Would user-replaced values work better instead of stating the RHEL version? Maybe an example could be provided with a callout but places the onus on a customer to check a version of the tool is compatible with their infrastructure?

Author: @dfitzmau 
I think this is beyond the scope of this PR.

* `logs_since`, with a default value of `72h`
* `request_timeout`, with a default value of `0s`

> 

Reviewer 2: If the `DataProtectionApplication` (DPA) custom resource (CR)...

I think this resource justifies this: https://github.com/openshift/oadp-operator/blob/master/docs/examples/stateless.md

> If DataProtectionApplication (DPA) is configured with `s3Url` and `insecureSkipTLS: true`, the CR does not collect the necessary logs because of a missing CA certificate. To collect those logs, run the `must-gather` command with the following option:

Reviewer 3: I haven't seen DataProtectionApplication (DPA) written that way in the docs, but I have seen it with backticks which would make sense to me. Just wanted to check on this. 

```suggestion
If `DataProtectionApplication` custom resource (CR) is configured with `s3Url` and `insecureSkipTLS: true`, the CR does not collect the necessary logs because of a missing CA certificate. To collect those logs, run the `must-gather` command with the following option:
```

> If DataProtectionApplication (DPA) is configured with `s3Url` and has an `insecureSkipTLS` flat set to `true` it will not collect the necessary logs due to a missing CA certificate. In order to collect those logs run the `must-gather` command with the following option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If DataProtectionApplication (DPA) is configured with `s3Url` and has an `insecureSkipTLS` flag set to `true` it will not collect the necessary logs due to a missing CA certificate. In order to collect those logs run the `must-gather` command with the following option:
```

> If DataProtectionApplication (DPA) is configured with `s3Url` and has an `insecureSkipTLS` flag set to `true` it will not collect the necessary logs due to a missing CA certificate. In order to collect those logs run the `must-gather` command with the following option:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If DataProtectionApplication (DPA) is configured with `s3Url` and `insecureSkipTLS: true`, the CR does not collect the necessary logs because of a missing CA certificate. To collect those logs, run the `must-gather` command with the following option:
```

Author: Thank you!!!

[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc adm must-gather --image=registry.redhat.io/oadp/oadp-mustgather-rhel9:v1.3 – /usr/bin/gather_without_tls true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ oc adm must-gather --image=registry.redhat.io/oadp/oadp-mustgather-rhel9:v1.3 -- /usr/bin/gather_without_tls true
```

> $ oc adm must-gather --image=registry.access.redhat.com/oadp/oadp-mustgather-rhel9:1.3.0-138 – /usr/bin/gather_without_tls true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ oc adm must-gather --image=registry.redhat.io/oadp/oadp-mustgather-rhel9:v1.3 – /usr/bin/gather_without_tls true
```
